our chief fathers of the families of the
children of gilead the son of maker the
son of Manasseh of the families of the
sons of Joseph came near and spoke
before Moses before the leaders the
chief fathers of the children of Israel
the lord commanded by Lord Moses to give
the land as an inheritance by lot to the
children of Israel and my lord was
commanded by the Lord to give the
inheritance of our brothers alofi had to
his daughters now if they are married to
any of the sons of the other tribes of
the children of Israel then their
inheritance will be taken from the
inheritance of our fathers and it will
be added to the inheritance of the tribe
into which they marry so it will be
taken from the lot of our inheritance
and when the Jubilee of the children of
Israel comes then their inheritance will
be added to the inheritance of the tribe
into which they marry so their
inheritance will be taken away from the
inheritance of the tribe of our fathers
then moses commanded the children of
israel according to the word of the Lord
what the tribe of the sons of Joseph
speaks is right this is what the Lord
commands concerning the daughters of
Zelophehad saying let the Mary whom they
think best
but they may marry only within the
family of their father's tribe so the
inheritance of the children of Israel
shall not change hands from tribe to
tribe for every one of the children of
Israel shall keep the inheritance of the
tribe of his father's and every daughter
who possesses an inheritance in any
tribe of the children of Israel shall be
the wife of one of the family of her
father's tribe so that the children of
Israel each may possess the inheritance
of his father's thus no inheritance
shall change hands from one tribe to
another but every tribe of the children
of Israel shall keep its own inheritance
just as the LORD commanded Moses so did
the daughters of Zelophehad for mala
tosser Hagler milker and Noah the
daughters of Zelophehad were married to
the sons of their fathers brothers they
were married into the families of the
children of Manasseh the son of Joseph
and their inheritance remained in the
tribe of their father's family these are
the commandments and the judgments which
the LORD commanded the children of
Israel by the hand of Moses in the
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
Jarek
[Music]
you